#== README
# This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
# application up and running.
# Things you may want to cover:
# * Ruby version
#* System dependencies
# * Configuration
# * Database creation
# * Database initialization
# * How to run the test suite
# * Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)
# * Deployment instructions
#* ...
#Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
# <tt>rake doc:app</tt>.

= Initial Documentation

This is an example paragraph to seperate the second heading.

= Database Functions

This section describes certain functions and queries for the database.

== Report Table 

This is the table from which everything is combined into one table for the reporting aspect.  I tried and tested this and it works.

I have put the code for creating the report table in the section model.  The function returns an array which can be iterated through by the each function.

=== How to access the report table

Calling the report table function is really simple.  All that needs to happen is the following code below.

==== Start Code
Section.report_table_query
==== End Code

This should be used in the controller by creating an instance variable.  So in controller foo, function bar this is how it would go

==== Start Code
class FooController
  ...
  def bar
    @report_array = Section.report_table_query
    ...
  end
end
==== End Code

This can be accessed in the view by the following code

==== Start Code

<% @report_array.each do |row| %>
...
<%= row.class_num %>
...
<% end %>
==== End Code


=== Variable Names

class_num
subject
course_id
sec_id
course_name
section_description
acad_group
enroll_cap
days
start_hour
start_minute
end_hour
end_minute
building
room_num
room_cap
last_name
first_name
start_date
end_date
location
mode
crsatr_val

== Other Query Ideas



= CSV Notes

To parse CSV, read this tutorial

http://tutorials.jumpstartlab.com/projects/eventmanager.html
